New TimeTZType to be returned by scalar function current_time (#9915)
crate/crate: docs/general/ddl/data-types.rst

The scalar function :ref:`TIMEZONE <scalar-timezone>` (zone, timestamp) is
equivalent to the SQL-conforming construct timestamp AT TIME ZONE zone.

.. _time-data-type:

> time with time zone

Reviewer: We should probably point out that this type cannot be used in CREATE TABLE statements.

-------------------

The time type consist of time followed by an optional time zone.

> ``timetz`` is a valid alias for `time with time zone`.

Reviewer 2: maybe add it to the table with aliases https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/9915/files#diff-2e33689810bcdd9ac3b65fd85893a637L1176

> ``timetz`` is a valid alias for `time with time zone`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``timetz`` is an alias for `time with time zone`.
```

> Internally, time values are mapped to microseconds since midnight and seconds
> as a signed offset from UTC for the time zone, that is a `bigint` followed by
> an `integer`, or 12 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The storage / range is already present in the table further above, we don't need to document further internals. (Would also restrict us in making changes in the future ..)

> The syntax for time string literals is as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence first that `time with time zone` values can be constructed using a string literal and a cast, before jumping to the syntax for it.

The scalar function :ref:`TIMEZONE <scalar-timezone>` (zone, timestamp) is
equivalent to the SQL-conforming construct timestamp AT TIME ZONE zone.

.. _time-data-type:

time with time zone
-------------------

The time type consist of time followed by an optional time zone.

``timetz`` is an alias for `time with time zone`.

`time with time zone` literals can be constructed using a string literal
and a cast. The syntax for string literal is as follows:

.. code-block:: text

    time-element [offset]

    time-element: time-only [fraction]
    time-only:    HH[[:][mm[:]ss]]
    fraction:     '.' digit+
    offset:       {+ | -} time-only | geo-region
    geo-region:   As defined by ISO 8601.

Where `time-only` can contain optional seconds, or optional minutes and seconds,
and can use `:` as a separator optionally.

`fraction` accepts up to 6 digits, as precision is in micro seconds.

Time zone syntax as defined by `ISO 8601 time zone designators`_.

.. NOTE::

>     This type cannot be created in `CREATE TABLE` or `ALTER` statements, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This type cannot be used in `CREATE TABLE` or `ALTER` statements, as
```

types themselves are not created via CREATE TABLE or ALTER TABLE.

>     it is meant to be used as parameter and return type for time related

Reviewer: Not sure about the wording here. Maybe the second sentence could be omitted altogether.
